Hello and welcome back to the course of the program.
So what are we doing today.
Well what we noticed last time is that we created this scatterplot which answers our question.
But at the same time there's something missing about a something that's not exactly as we wanted to
be something that we can improve.
And we noticed that the marker size is small so the markers are very small you can hardly see them.
And today we're going to learn how to improve them.
So here I'm going to very quickly add a new line.
And just so that we can separate this tutorial.
So we're talking about keyword arguments in Python and it's an advanced tutorial and you might ask the
question curial Why do we have to create a whole tutorial just to change the size of markers.
We just specify the correct arguments in our code.
Couldn't we just do it in the previous tutorial and probably take like a minute to do it if not less
.
Well the reason for that is we're going to discuss a conceptual principle in Python that is going to
be used not only in visualization and not only of the seaborne package but you will also find yourself
potentially using it in other situations and it is quite an important topic that we need to cover off
.
And it's and that's why it's an advanced tutorial because it's going to involve some advance features
of Python.
So let's say without further ado let's dive straight into it.
What is this advanced feature that you're talking about Carol.
All right.
Well start off with.
Let's just make some space.
And here we're going to create.
We're going to say marker's size.
That's a comment.
And how do we change market size.
Well let's just go ahead and copy this code from here to start with.
Right if I run that that's my missiles and they're now probably change this a bit to make it smaller
make it eight.
Now how do I increase the marker's size.
Well the market size needs obviously a parameter.
Let's have a look do we can we find that promises press shift tab.
You see that there's a lot of parameters here is Hugh This call is Roe pallidus call Raf's size and
so on markers which markers are being used you can change the shape of the marker share X share y hue
order color order roll order legend legend out x estimated eggs beans excess cattle Fidge Reg C.I. and
boot units order logistic loess robots a large X X partial partial tankage X or Y jitter scatter KW
As a blanket.
Interesting.
And at the same time there doesn't seem to be anything for the color of the markers there's shape or
markers but no color.
So how do we change the color of the markers.
If there's no parameter here.
Well let's have a look.
Let's go down and let's just scroll through these parameters.
Let's go to the very bottom and see what the very last parameters are.
We've got x y.
Actually the one we need is scatter line.
KW s.
So it's basically what is saying you can either specify scatter underscore KW s or line underscore KW
As one of these.
These are dictionaries.
And what do they do.
They are additional keyword arguments to possed to peel scatter and peel t plot.
Very interesting.
So to get some more information on this let's go to the seaborne description for this specific function
.
So really zoom in here as well.
And if I scroll down you've got this you can see scattered KW As to underscore katoey us and line underscore
KW Yes.
What do they do.
How can they help us go down.
Let's go down.
Basically the same thing.
Additional keyword arguments to pass to peel teeth scatter and peel to LOT.
What does this mean.
Well what this means is what's going on is that Seaborn as we discussed seaborne is actually relying
on a matplotlib and it's relying on the so peel T is a convention for pipe plot.
Right.
The one we have in our chip there are notebooks are here we've also imported by plot as you can see
and we printed s p t.
So what the peel to they're talking about is that same T.
So the penalty that's in matplotlib.
And they're saying that Peel T has a function called Scatter.
So peel T-Dog scatter.
And what this is used for so we're just looking at scatter underscored.
KW As it is you can pass additional keyword arguments to Hilti scanner.
And as we discussed once again seaborne relies on my plot lib on Pyr on the Pipelet package or some
package from matplotlib.
So a lot of these parameters actually are parameters from pipelined and then it's saying if you need
to pass additional parameters you can do it using these dictionaries.
So basically you can go.
This is now the pipeline is Metalocalypse helpless go to the top.
I know this might be a bit confusing at first but it will make sense just now.
So this is matplotlib this is Pipelet.
This is the grandfather of all of everything including seaboard.
So here it's got lost and lost his recommendations very long and it will take you a while to find pipeline's
counter so let's just do it on my screen.
Scroll down or you can go to this hash tag office or the address of this page.
So if I zoom in is again.
All right let's go.
So there is matplotlib dot Pipelet dots scatter.
And that is the function that seaborne l m p t l m plots.
So elem plot from seaborn is actually a wrapper around matplotlib dot pipelined does scatter.
So this function in seaborne is using this function to create its viz..
And now you already have a lot of parameters that she can postes to see born the old Ellen plot.
But at the same time there are other parameters in PI plot that are not included in that list.
For example if you scroll down here you've got s so scaler or area like shape shape is optional and
so on and so basically it is the size in points squared I guess doesn't matter.
The main point is that as is the parameter for size as you can see in elem plot they didn't include
the size of the parameter but it will still go through if you pass it as this dictionary does dictionary
actually scatter KW as it will still be passed on to matplotlib Pipelet the scanner.
I know again this still like it's mice makes some vague sense but still it's not ideal.
So let's go ahead and practice it.
See how it works in practice.
And that will make a lot more sense right away.
So I'm going to go back to our doorframes and I'm going to go to the bottom and here.
So we're going to just add a parameter.
So we've got size equals eight.
And now we're going to say or consistency let's put this wine in here as well.
Now we're going to say scatter underscore.
KW s and what is it expecting.
So this is another example of where we're going to use dictionaries.
Is expecting a dictionary so it's expecting you to posit something where you'll have the key s and then
the value for s so let's say 200.
So basically what you're saying is that well that's true of 100.
This is a dictionary which has one element in the dictionary.
Remember we talked about dictionaries previous in the course of this.
This is actually has one element.
And instead of that numeration that you have in lists 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 and so on.
It's actually got a name every single name element in a dictionary has a name.
So this element with which has the value of a hundred.
It has a name of s.
So once you post this dictionary this object as this parameter is covered.
Scatter keyword arguments that's what kids use asthenosphere key keywords.
So once you process scatterings TWX then on the receiving end so seaboard will not even look at what
you possed they will just take that picture and forward it on oil.
Unwrap it but doesn't really matter.
It will forward on those parameters to matplotlib Pipelet scatter and this functional Radie will analyze
what you passed over so you'll say OK s is equal to that you could pass on a different additional paramours
if you wanted to.
So as you know in a dictionary you could have a couple of primers you could say.
And then the next parameter in here something something something you call something something something
and another one and so on.
But we're only going to pass through one.
And so when I do this you'll see what happens the size of the markers increases right.
So I'm going to actually increase that even further and it's a 200 size of the marker's increases.
I can zoom out to see this lovely chart better.
So maybe this is the situation maybe where we want to increase this to 10 as well.
So as you can see this is a much better plot.
And I know it's a it's a bit convoluted how this happens.
And of course the Seaborn guys could have thought about that and potentially put that parameter into
the plot but they didn't.
Nevertheless it allowed us to practice keyword arguments and refresh a bit on dictionaries as well.
So have a play around with that.
That's how we increase the size in elem plot or the size of the markers player and see what other parameters
of elem plot you might be interested in utilizing.
But other than that all of his possession for this challenge is ready and we already analyzed it we've
already seen that the high income groups are here the low income group is here in the upper middle income
is closer to the high income lower middle income is low is closer to the low income and you can see
kind of a trend that the more internet users you have in a country the less the birthrate and other
we're onto the higher the birthrate.
Less Internet users you have in the country.
Again correlation doesn't imply causation but is just an interesting trend to observe.
As we discussed in the Prius Tauriel hope you enjoyed this tutorial of course and how we got to this
Bilzerian viz. it was a very step by step process but we finally got there.
And I look forward to seeing you next them.
Until then happy coding
.